Qs no 1.
I have prepared testcases for a given shopping based scenario with proper flow of functionality.
For cheking front end requirement no need to use any tool.we can execute the testcases manualy.
Testcases for Frontend Requirement
1>Verify the component which is use to add new item is at the top corner or not
2>Verify that items in inventory have name, description and price
3>Uploading the picture of the item is not mandatory
4>Verify that the list of the item is placed below the inventory that adds item
5>Verify that items in list have name, description and price
6>Verify that buttons are available on item so that we can remove it from inventory
7>Verify that the content of the page is horizontally and vertically centred.

Testcases for Backend Requirement
I have also written the test cases for backend requirement.
To validate the data in the backend i need to use API request.
so by using the API call we can validate the data


Qs no 2.
The scenario given here is to automate flight search function
But the site given is not reachable so i can not put xpath.
I have created one base class or page class in TestNG where i have make one object repository, its initialisation and verification.
And whatever the action methods, test cases , navigation steps i have maintained it in Test class.
I have used @beforeclass and @test annotation in flighttest class
when you run the flighttest class you will get testng console where you will get the pass test cases and fail test cases.

Qs no 3.
The given scenarion is customer portal for online application in which online form for electricity connection is given.
Here all the textfields are put properly and mandatory field also
Whatever the improvement are needed from my point of view i have mentioned it.
just like whatever the load used by customer that should be mentioned in kw in given format.
After filling all mandatory fields or after submitting application it should generate application id which will be unique.
Feedback-
1>all related texfields are put correctly
2>mandatory field are marked correctly
3>all over performance of the application is good

Improvements-

1>Details of load to be furnished by giving wattage of individual
appliances should be in the given format
2>In case of more number of appliances, enter only Total load (KW) in
the Application.
3>After filling in the entire mandatory details and after pressing Submit button, the
On-line application number should be generated.
Applicants for New Connection for load 100KW to 150 KW are required to pay
the Registration Fee.